Hi there! I'm a note in your vault.

At the same time, I'm also just a Markdown file sitting on your hard disk. It's all in plain text, so you don't need to worry about losing me in case [[Obsidian]] disappears one day.

## Quick Start

If you're in a hurry, here's some quick places to dive in:

- The [[Command palette]] contains most of the commands you need to work with Obsidian. Just press `Ctrl/Cmd-P` and start typing.
- How to [[Create notes|create new notes]].
- How to create [[Internal link|internal links]]
- How to use Markdown to [[Format your notes]]
- How to [[embed files]], or embed other notes
- [[Keyboard shortcuts]]
- How to [[Working with multiple notes|open multiple files side by side]]
- Obsidian can be extended with [[List of plugins|plugins]]. Several are available by default, and can be enabled or disabled according to your needs.

If you want a more thorough introduction, including a bit about our philosophy, check out [[Obsidian]].

And if you'd like a gentle introduction, or just want to get started but don't know how, head over to [[Basic note taking]].

If you are a [Catalyst supporter](https://obsidian.md/pricing), and want to turn on Insider Builds, see [[Insider builds]].

## Workflows

Obsidian is a tool that can be used in many ways, from a simple list of notes to a very powerful knowledge management system. We suggest you start at your own pace, and build it into the tool you need.

Here are a few ways to get started:

If you want to just start taking notes, check out [[Basic note taking]]

If you already have a collection of notes in markdown format, just choose them for your Vault. Choose "Vault" in the lower left and select the directory your notes are in.

If you have notes from Roam Research, Notion, or other systems, [[Import data|here's how to import them]].

If you'd like to know more about Obsidian, you can [[Obsidian|read about our story]].

By the way, you can feel free to edit these help docs, but when you open it again, they will be overwritten. So, don't put anything in them you want to keep.

## I have questions.

Then you should join our [community!](https://obsidian.md/community). We have active Discord and Forums, and the community is generally quite helpful.

[//begin]: # "Autogenerated link references for markdown compatibility"
[obsidian]: Obsidian/Obsidian "Obsidian"

[Command palette]: Plugins/Command palette "Command palette"
[Create notes|create new notes]: How to/Create notes "Create notes"
[Internal link|internal links]: How to/Internal link "Internal link"
[Format your notes]: How to/Format your notes "This is a heading 1"
[embed files]: How to/Embed files "Embed files"
[Keyboard shortcuts]: How to/Keyboard shortcuts "Keyboard shortcuts"
[Working with multiple notes|open multiple files side by side]: How to/Working with multiple notes "Working with multiple notes"
[List of plugins|plugins]: Plugins/List of plugins "List of plugins"
[Basic note taking]: How to/Basic note taking "Basic note taking"
[Insider builds]: Advanced topics/Insider builds "Insider builds"
[Import data|here's how to import them]: How to/Import data "Import data"
[Obsidian|read about our story]: Obsidian/Obsidian "Obsidian"
[//end]: # "Autogenerated link references"
